I just want to give you an update on the
progress of this bar key so this is the
small keyboard and it's hooked up to a
USB you are adapter a GPS and an FR sky
SBUs receiver so you get 16 channels
output on the one cable that's connected
up there you can see that data on the
oscilloscope over here and you can see
that it is inverted you can see that the
line main yellow line on the left-hand
side of the screen there is in the
inverted mode and the polarity indicator
on the right-hand side at the top is set
to inverted mode so normally to connect
up to one of these export our SBS you
would have to have an export RS be
connected to an inverter connected to
your flight controller but with a Sparky
because it's got the better processor
and the processor supports serial port
inversion because this is an f3
processor or not the f1 it means you
don't need to have the inverter which is
awesome it also has three serial ports
all working at the same time here so if
you have a quick look at my screen you
can see I've got two instances of the
configurator open and they're both using
different serial ports 27 and 9 there so
for example the palm 9 which is
currently connected to the USB you are I
doubt it could be connected to your
bluetooth for your OS D and you can
still use the USB port independently to
connect up and configure things from
your computer you can see that the
receiver tab over here is working fine
with lots of channels so you've got
sixteen channels over here all working
just fine
and I've got pots I've got three
positions which is I've got all kinds of
things so I've got a little sliders this
is all on the Tyrannis over here so you
can see that all at the same time as
you're getting all the other data out
and if I --gel the board a little bit
you'll see that there there we go
and all at the same time is that I've
also got the GPS going here I'm indoors
at the moment so there's not much in the
way of signal strength going but you can
see that the GPS light is on at the top
there and that is all pretty damn
impressive there you go
enjoy